# CreateSmartPlaylist.scpt

This script is for creating multiple smart playlist based on the rules listed in an input file. This script is useful for creating multiple smart playlists by providing playlist name and rules in a file. Output generated by the script 'GetSmartPlaylistDetails.scpt' can be used
 can be the input for this script. With this approach  smart playlists and their rules can be copyied from one device
to another. Otherwise you can just write down smart playlist details and feed to the script.

Input file format is 

SMART::Smart Playlist Name:-:Smart Playlist Cnditions (separated by comma). <-- No folder
SMART::Subfolder Name::Smart Playlist Name:-:Smart Playlist Cnditions (separated by comma) <-- One folder
SMART::Folder Name::Sub Folder Name::Smart Playlist Name:-:Smart Playlist Cnditions (separated by comma) <-- folder & sub folder


Sample input file look like below.

1. SMART::Malayalam Film Songs::Year wise::2006-2010:-:Year,is in the range,2006-2010 <-- folder & subfolder
1. SMART::Malayalam Film Songs::Year wise::2011:-:Year,is,2011 <-- folder & sub folder
1. SMART::Hindi::hindi-Kumar Sanu Hits:-:Comments,is,Hindi-Kumar Sanu Hits <-- One folder
1. SMART::AMbu:-:Comments,contains,Ambu <-- No folder

The first line in the output says that 
- "Malayalam Film Songs" is a folder
   - "Year wise" is a subfloder
     - "2006-2010" is the name of smart playlist
        - "Year,is in the range,2006-2010" is the rule.
 
Third line int the output says that
 - "Hindi" is a folder
   - "hindi-Kumar Sanu Hits" is the name of the smart playlist
      - "Comments,is,Hindi-Kumar Sanu Hits". is the rule

Fourth line in the out put says that
- "AMbu" is the name of the smart playlist
   - "Comments,contains,Ambu" is the rule

How to use this script :

Execute following command on Mac terminal (shell)

$ osascript CreateSmartPlaylist.scpt <full path to input file list>
- ITunes window will be activated now 
- Choose the Library / Device
- You will see iTunes iterating to create each smart playlists, opening and closing rules tab to update them .
- Please make sure that you leave iTunes windows untouched while the script runs.  You can swtich to terminal once you see the window ""I am done !. Look at the terminal for Playlist details"
- Any error and some debugging info displayed on the terminal.
